# User Journey
## The Story of Yahir on a lazy rainy Saturday afternoon!
It's a rainy day in Chicago, Yahir has his window open and is enjoying the soothing pattering of the raindrops on the window sill. As he turns on his speaker, opens his one and only music streaming app, Spotify, and presses play on his most recent playlist, he is met with this instant horrible feeling known as: fatigue! He has heard these songs countless of times! 

Humans love the path of least resistance, and Yahir is feeling especially nostalgic on this day, so let's check another playlist. Except, now he is met with the same exact issue! Perhaps playlists isn't the best way to fix this issue. Can we try looking through his liked songs? He sees over 2500 songs. Holy crap! It’s gotten a bit extensive and he can’t sift through his songs and realizes he doesn’t even remember the songs from the good old days since they’re just sitting at the bottom collecting dust! He can do as much scrolling as he wants, but he knows there are hidden gems in his liked songs that he'll accidentally scroll past.

Humans also love strength in numbers, so Yahir goes onto the internet, as any angry person would, to research if anybody else has had this same exact issue; fortunately, he isn't the only one struggling with this issue! Other people have liked songs into the tens of thousands that Spotify ended up removing the upper limit of 10,000 songs! Seeing how other people are struggling with the issue, Yahir wonders if building a "Spotify Issue" counter could potentially help bring awareness to this issue; however, he truly believes there has to be a better solution than leaving it in the hands of busy Spotify developers. Luckily, there is! 

Yahir stumbles across an application built by a rather nifty and savvy programmer at MIT, Rihay! Rihay is creator of the program Resurfacer, and so Yahir goes onto Resurfacer and is greeted with some nifty green design, seemingly inspired by Spotify! Yahir chooses to connect his Spotify as it is easily designed to do so. After connecting his account, it is now authenticated to be able to make adjustments and so he is directed to the flow selector where he can pick from 3 options! He can either join the time-capsule, swipe sessons, or the playlist surgery mode! 

From here he warms up with Swipe Sessions, letting the app surface forgotten favorites one-by-one so he can keep the gems, snooze the maybes, or toss the repeats without losing the vibe. Afterward, he dives into the Time-Capsule, where Resurfacer bundles whole eras of dusty tracks into guided listening sprints that help him relive an old era and pin the songs he wants back into rotation! "Woah! This is incredible!" Yahir thinks to himself. He has finally found a way to have something analyze his tracks and resurface tracks he liked long ago! Finally, he wraps with Playlist Health, scanning his big playlists for duplicates, dead links, and mood mismatches so his everyday mixes feel fresh again! He gets lost in the app but luckily, he was able to explore all facets of the app and fix up a new playlist before he shuts the window on that rainy Chicago afternoon. Now he can dive back into his songs with no worries about odd tracks popping up! As he disconnects from the app, he certainly can see himself revisiting the website and telling his friends to join in on the app so they can share revamped playlists!
